This afternoon one more surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not tackle the romantic candlelight shootings in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we expect a new surprise for our candidates: a romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS - at male model Fabian's side as well.
In the afternoon you can still find another surprise for our candidates: they will not be able to participate in the romantic candlelight-shower in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will instead will be working alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon and in the beginning of this evening another nice surprise was waiting for our contestants. They will not run the romantic candlelight-event on their own, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon they will be able to take part in a romantic candlelight shoot together with male model Fabian, before taking part in the MY SOLARIS!
We are waiting for new participants of the MY SOLARIS in the afternoon. They will not walk the carpet alone but next to male models Fabian!
Surprise waits for our contestants again this afternoon: they will not manage their romantic candlelight session before Mega Solare alone, they will take part in the side shoot beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will undergo again a surprise: they will not have to do the romantic candlelight shoot in the front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
Again, a surprise is waiting for our candidates, we will not have to do the romantic candlelight-meeting alone in front of MY SOLARIS but side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestant: She will take part in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we have a little surprise waiting for our candidate: They will be not alone in the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS but near male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again there is a surprise for all our contestants: They don't go out alone for the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we will offer our candidates another surprise: they will not participate in the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, instead they will appear alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will contest the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS instead of alone but side by side with Male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candle light shoot alone in front of the museum MY SOLARIS - they will instead take part in the action beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a big surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but on their own side... male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once more, our contestants come up with a surprise: we'll have a romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS and not only, but also male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once more one more surprise waits for our candidates: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone. Instead, they will do it together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise expects our sisters: they will not compete the romantic Candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our women contestants that will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will have yet another surprise: They will not conquer the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our contestants: they will not have to fight the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another special surprise will be waiting for our contender: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS but only alongside male photographer Fabian!
In the afternoon once again an actual encounter is available: They are not going to spend the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS but at the side of male model Fabian!
The afternoon will be filled by another surprise for the candidate: At MY SOLARIS you won't have to enjoy the romantic candlelight session alone but you'll have to work alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we got another surprise: They will not sit alone on the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but at the side of male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a surprise for our candidates again: instead of competing alone as usual, they will also complete the romantic candlelight photography shootings in front of the MY SOLARIS, so they will take part together with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon here are some surprises and you can't blame our candidates on their romantic candlelit shooting in front of MY SOLARIS. Rather they will do it by themselves!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for each application.She will be participating in the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but beside male-model Fabian (!)!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates again: They will not do this romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but in the company of male model Fabian!
This afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our candidates again: they will not do the romantic candlelight session before MY SOLARIS alone, but together with the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone but alongside men-model Fabian!
After 2 hours of fun, she's ready for a special treat. This time, our female contestants are not alone, but in front of male model Fabian for the romantic Candlelight-SO on the MY SOLARIS!
Another surprise is to be enjoyed in the afternoon, when our athletes will not compete alone in the romantic candlelight shooting of the MY SOLARIS but instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot outside the MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another sweet surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our contestants: they will certainly not fight the romantic candlelight session at the MY SOLARIS alone, but along with male-model Fabian!
That afternoon another unexpected happened. Our candidates did not have the chance to have the romantic Candlelight-Shooting that happened in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants have to wait with surprise: They will not be doing this romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but by male-modelFabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will be surprised twice more: They will not do this romantic Candlelight shooting in Tiny Solari alone, but with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not fight against the romantic candlelight shooting beside male model Fabian in front of the MY SOLARIS alone!
In the afternoon there was another surprise waiting for ourcandidates and they will not be alone for the romantic candles-shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do that romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not contest the romantic candlelight shooting at the theme park MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another challenge awaits: they will not complete that romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS but at the side of man model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise is waiting for the girls: they will not only show up for the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but will be standing beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our guests: They will not participate in the romantic candlelight shoot near MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the sides of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will do the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS on their own but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our nominees - they won't be on their own for their first romantic candlelight photo shoot at MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a bit of a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not have to undertake the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS all by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise for you: Don't do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS. Do it on your own together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for the candidates: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MS Solaris alone, but at the side of Male-Model Fabian.
But they will do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting not alone at the MY SOLARIS, but along with male model Fabian, that afternoon.
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight event in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates. They will not contest the romantic Candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, an additional surprise is in store for these male contestants: they will not be playing a romantic candlelight shoot on their own in front of The Magic Magic Tower, but will shoot on the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon, one more surprise awaits our candidates: These women will not do the romantic candlelit shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
The afternoon will see again a surprise for our candidates: they will not conduct the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own in the company of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise will once again await our candidates: they will not be alone for the romantic candlelight session at the MY SOLARIS, but at the arm of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do it alone during the romance of the candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
Then in the afternoon, a real surprise will await our participants. Their names will come back to the MY SOLARIS, not alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once more a surprise awaits our candidates: Not by themselves and for their romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a more surprise awaits our candidates: They will not conquer the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise will await our participants: they won't be doing the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but rather at the side of male model Fabian!
Surprise awaits them: the contestants will be in front of the MY SOLARIS, they won't take part in the romantic Candles shoot alone but alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon a surprise awaites our candidate: they will not be the only ones taking part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but instead at the side of male model Fabian!
Again a surprise is waiting for our female contestants in the afternoon: they will not finish a romantic canoe light shoot at MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a real surprised is waiting for our young women candidates; they will not participate in the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own besides male-model Fabian!
This afternoon another surprise awaits our girls: they will not stand alone at the MY SOLARIS for the romantic candlelight shooting, but in the company of male model Fabian!
As the afternoon wears on, another surprise is awaiting our candidates: They will not do their romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but besides male models Fabian!
In the evening, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take up the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but rather next to male model Fabian!
After the screening at MY SOLARIS, another surprising waiting for our female candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting just as the two of them will do, but together with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but will be on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our competitors: They will do this cute candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but next to male model Fabian.
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our applicants: they will not spend the romantic candluight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS themselves but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not compete the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but are at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise waiting for the candidates: They will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of MY SOLARIS stand left alone, but instead standing beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our participants will be rewarded with another surprise: they will not be taking part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but they will be standing next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon wait another surprise for our contestants: they won't do the romantic Candlelight-shower in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female candidates once more: They will not do the romantic candlelight session alone at MY SOLARIS, but they will be by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not contender the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS just alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our female contestants: They will not be doing the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not face the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our candidates: They will not take part alone at the romantic candlelight photo shoot on the front of MY SOLARIS, but in the same time beside Male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is expecting our candidates again: they will not take part on their own in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, and again for the duration of the shoot, we have a surprise for our contestants: they will not be at the MY SOLARIS alone, but standing side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They do not go through the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS but standing alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not perform this romantic candle light photo shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the hand of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise will await our candidates: they will not take part alone in the romantic candle-lit-shooting at MY SOLARIS but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise was waiting for our candidates: She would not take the romantic candlelight photo shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabio!
We have selected some of the best scenic photography courses in our group of girls. All of them are looking forward to doing the romantic candlelight session on our terrace and to the good company of Fabian!
In the afternoon yet another surprise is waiting for our competitors, who, instead of working alone, will fight the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS! The couple works together alongside male model Fabian!
In the evening, a big and unexpected surprise awaits our contenders: they will not run the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but they will pose alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our nominees: They do not have only a romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not be alone for the romantic candle light-shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there's always a surprise waiting for our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not cover the romantic candlerelight shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates of this group are sure to be presented with a surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will work on their romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS again, but with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, yet another surprise is waiting for her: She will not take the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but instead work alongside male model Fabian!
Again a surprise awaits our girls in the afternoon: the girls will not take part in the romantic candlelit-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS solo, but in addition to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is eagerly awaiting our contestants: they won't take part in the romantic candlellight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on its side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our female candidates: they are not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting on their own at MY SOLARIS, but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will sit at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will win yet another surprise: they will not finish together with male model Fabian in the romantic Candlelit-Shoot at MY SOLARIS.
In the afternoon, you will once again be in for a surprise for our contestants: Together, they will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon are expecting a surprise for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS but instead at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they are not going to take part in their romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, they will be taking part together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will again be a surprise for our candidates: they will enter the romantic candlelight photoshoot in front of MY SOLARIS with Fabian, male model!
In the afternoon our candidates have another surprise in store: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone they will meet male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our female contestants: They won't be by themselves performing the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but by the the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, once again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, they will take place alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not participate in this romantic Candlelight shoot under the watchful eye of MY SOLARIS, but will instead perform at the side of Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again a surprise waited for our candidates: they will not have to cover the romantic candlelight-shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but in the company of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our female candidates will have a special surprise: we will not do the romanti-clandish candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but on our side with male model Fabian!
In the late afternoon, again a surprise awaits our candidates: not alone they will put on the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again, another surprise waits for our candidates: they won't participate directly on the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our new contestants! They will not go through this romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS. Instead they will do it alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is again a surprise with our contestants: they cannot accomplish the romantic candlelight shoot before MY SOLARIS on their own but as male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again, there is a surprise awaiting our candidates: they will not confront the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise for our candidates is waiting for you: they will not do a romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for the participants: they will not tackle the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS all alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our female contestants: they will not participate in the romantic sweet weather photoshoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but in the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon they will do a new surprise: a romantic candlelight shoot, with male-model Fabian - at the side of MY SOLARIS!
We hope you will find a surprise in the afternoon: we will take you to see the romantic candlelight-shoot together and not together with MY SOLARIS - male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they aren't going to do the romantic candlelin shooting front of the MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, one more surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not be doing the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of Solois Island, but together with male model Fabian!
One more surprise is waiting for our new contestants in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be dancing the romantic candlelight shooting alone at the MY SOLARIS. Instead, they will be alongside male modelling Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our competitors: they will be no longer alone in doing the romantic candlelight photo shoot at MY SOLARIS, but by male-model Fabian!
Again in the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They do not perform the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but along with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again we will find a surprise for our nominees - they will not be the only ones behind the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS. They will take place next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates again have a surprise waiting for them: they will not enter the romantic candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but standing beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again a surprise is expected for our candidates: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestant: She is not entering the romantic candlelight-shooting alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a big surprise will again be waiting for our contestants: they will not be alone at the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will soon have another surprise for our contestants: They will not try the romantic candlelit shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but will do it next to male model Fabian as well.
In the afternoon once again there's a surprise waiting for our girls: they won't conquer the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the SOLARIS, they will conquer the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our female contestants: they will not have a romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon we have a new surprise waiting for our contestants: they will do this romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our contestants: not alone will their work include the romantic candlelight shootings in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates again. They will not do the romantic candlelit-photoshoot by themselves in front of the MY SOLARIS building, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise for our nominees: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a new surprise waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our female contestants: They will not be able to take part in the romantic candlelight shooting together with male model Fabian in front of MY SOLARIS!
A surprising arrival awaits our candidature in the afternoon: They won't do the romantic candlelight shoot near the MY SOLARIS alone... but by men's model Fabian!
In the afternoon again, a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but in the presence of male model Fabian!
When the afternoon is over, another surprise awaits our female candidates. They will not join the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but on the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon our female candidates will be surprised: They will not do this romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone - they will act alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon some more surprises await our contestants. Their romantic candlelight shoot with male model Fabian is not entirely to their taste.
In the afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our candidates: It will be for them to participate in the romantic candelelight shoot, together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants - they will not contest the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits our contenders: They will not take the romantic "Candlelit" shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will once again be a surprise: They will not be alone at the romantic candlelight photo shoot before the MY SOLARIS, but at our male member Fabian's side!
This afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates again: In front of the MY SOLARIS, they will not take part in the romantic candl lit shooting alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our candidates this afternoon: They will do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will do the romantic candlelight shoot not alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates have another surprise coming up: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting directly in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will work the romantic Candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone but along with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will be another surprise waiting for our candidate women: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the other side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again there will be a surprise awaiting our competitors: they will not be in the romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do this romantic candlelight-shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but rather at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will once again have a surprise: They will not be the only ones doing the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but will instead have to compete alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will be treated to a few new surprises: they will not spend the romantic candlelight-day alone, but by male model Fabian!
Once again in the afternoon our contestants will have a surprise: they will not be the only contestants in their romantic candlelight shoot, but at the side of male model Fabian.
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they will not conquer the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the team next to male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they are not alone in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but by the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again, a surprise waits for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise waits for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there was once again a surprise, and our contestants will not be involved in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will get another surprise: they will not take on the romantic candlelight shooting beforehand without either their help, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
On Friday evening, March 8th, 2018 one more surprise awaits our candidates: they do not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but will do it in front of the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon the candidates will have another surprise waiting for them: they will not do a romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but instead on the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: Instead of competing alone in the romantic candlelight shoot outside the MY SOLARIS they will fight against male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our women candidates: they do not do this romantic romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone; they will instead be taking part together with male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring another surprise for our candidates: not a single one, but alongside male model Fabian, they will do this romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They won't participate in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our entrants got a surprise: they will not stand alone, but next to male-model Fabian during their candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon our contestants are getting a second surprise: they will do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male-model Fabian! "
In the afternoon once again a surprise expects our candidates: they will not conquer the romantic candle light shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon, another surprise will await our candidates: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but on site of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will welcome once again a surprise for our candidates, they will do the romantic candlelight shooting before MY SOLARIS not alone, but only at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will once more have a surprise for our candidates: we will take them to the romantic candlelight photoshoot before MY SOLARIS on their own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates are in for another surprise: In front of MY SOLARIS they won't attend the romantic candelelit shooting on their own but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates again: They will not do the Romantic Candlelights at MY SOLARIS alone, but instead by the side of male model Fabian!
One more surprise is waiting for one of our contestants this afternoon: They won't do their romantic candlelight shoot alone, but at the side of male model Fabian in front of MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise for our candidates: the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS - they will not fight alone but on the same side as male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our athletes will be surprised again: they will not work alone in front of MY SOLARIS and will try out the romantic candlelight shoot with Fabian.
In the afternoon, there will once again be a surprise for our contestants: they will not be on their own for this romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but we will be standing beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will attend the romantic candlelight shoot before MY SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise once again awaits our candidates: They will not have to be their own doing the romantic candllit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but they will be accompanied by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another good surprise awaits our contestants: they will not run the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon wait again a surprise for our candidates: They will not do the romantic Candle light shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, as they will take place at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the contestants will once again be surprised to see them not alone taking part in the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at male model Fabian's side!
Our candidates will face off for a second surprise in the afternoon: They will not compete for a romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
Again in the afternoon there will be a surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not take in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but next to male model Fabian!
This afternoon again a surprise waits for our contestants: They will not run the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
And in the afternoon one more surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of male-model Fabian. But they want to do so.
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take the romantic candlelift session at MY SOLARIS on their own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not walk the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidate! They will not be alone but at the side of male model Fabian! Share a photo shoot for ourselves at MY SOLARIS and enjoy the "romantic candlelight" shoot.
In the afternoon the candidates will do another surprise: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
And in the afternoon we have a surprise again for our contestants and the male model Fabian. They will not do the romantic Candlelight-Sood alone but instead together with other male pros.
Afternoon once again there's a surprise waiting for our candidates: Not alone will they compete in the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS. They will be standing next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise continues to await our contestants: They will not do a romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will do so alongside male model Fabian!
But let's expect a surprise amongst our other candidates in the afternoon: they will not be alone, because they will be participating together with male-model Fabian on the romantic candlelit-shooting!
Once again one surprise is waiting for our contestants in the afternoon: they will participate in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight wedding shooting alone at the MY SOLARIS, but on her side next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise was waiting for our candidates: they wouldn't take on a romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will also be treated to another little surprise: they won't be alone for the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but on their own beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our participants: they will take part in a romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS and they will take to the stage next to male model Fabian.
A further surprise awaits our contestants this afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of "MY SOLARIS" in person, but instead beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our two contestants: They will not take the romantic candlelight shoot on their own but instead will do it alongside male model Fabius!
In the afternoon there will be a big surprise awaiting our contestants, but they will do the romantic Candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting that took place in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but instead will do it together with male-model Fabian!
Next afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not participate in a romantic candle light-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaited our contestants: they will do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will enjoy another surprise: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates have another surprise waiting for them: They will not participate in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They won't take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but will do it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise will await our competitors: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not take part in this romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
An afternoon is waiting for one more surprise of our female candidates: not alone in the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not join the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not be alone for the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will come back with another surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but by male-model Fabian.
After the show our contestants will be in for another surprise: They won't fight the romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS. It will happen alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our competitors are again in for a surprise: They won't do the romantic Candlelight-Shape on our MY SOLARIS! They will take part at the same time as male-model Fabian!
Once again, we hope that one day our male competitors will enjoy the most romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS! So they will be together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our female candidates: they will not finish the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, instead we will welcome Male-Model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise will be waiting. They will not be doing the romantic candlelight-shooting beside male model Fabian on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon our nominees will be in for another surprise: they will not be engaged in the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS in Berlin, but instead alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not take part alone in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but they will be on set beside male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring a new surprise for our contestants: they won't spend the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS individually, but at the side of male model Fabian!
Our candidates are to enjoy a surprise again in the mid-afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS but at the side of male model Fabian!!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they won't make out alone in the candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will don the romantic candlelight-shoot alone, for the MY SOLARIS, but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon we have a surprise for our candidates again: they will not have conducted the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY solar power station on their own but will be together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another day surprise awaits our new candidates: they won't just be doing the same romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise starts for our candidates. They will not have the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our contestants: They will not perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but will act instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will again find some amazing photos for our female candidates: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting alone at the MY SOLARIS but together with male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female candidates again: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not run the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
The afternoon brings a new surprise to our participants: they don't do the romantic candlelight-shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise at our nominees: they will not be alone, but for the romantic candlelight-shooting with the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits to our women: they are not the only ones taking part in the romantic candlelight shooting, but only alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but instead at the side of male model Fabian!
Later in the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: on their own, they will take part in a romantic Candlelight Shoot at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants are in for another surprise: They won't be doing the romantic candlelight-shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a fresh surprise awaits our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits us: We will not go through this romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but will rather do it together with male model Fabian.
This afternoon, a surprise will await our two candidates: they will not do the romantic candle light shoot in front of of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but by the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon another surprise is waiting for the female contestants: They will not be on their own in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a new surprise waiting for our contestants: They will not be alone in front of the MY SOLARIS in the romantic Candlelight shoot, but next to male-model Fabian!
And this afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates, who won't perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but under the auspices of the male model Fabian!
There has to be another surprise for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will instead do it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a great surprise is waiting for our nominees: they will not do the romantic Candlelight-photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but next to male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise will await our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise waiting for our participants: they will not participate alone in the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but instead will be working on male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there's one more surprise to look forward to for our contestants: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon there is again a surprise for our contestant: They don't manage the romantic candlelight-scene on their own, but are shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will share their special surprises - they won't fight the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS but rather at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will once again be treated to a surprise: they will take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting before MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, one more surprise awaits our candidates: They'll not be alone in the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS but alongside male-model Steffen!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shoot on their own, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates in the bar: they will not be alone for the romantic candlelight session at the MY SOLARIS, but instead will take part in the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a further surprise is waiting for our candidates: they won't do the romantic candle lighting shoot in the MY SOLARIS on their own, but in the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will have a surprise waiting for them again: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but they will take part alongside male model Fabian!
Something new is waiting for our female candidates in the afternoon: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting on their own, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARis alone, but side by side with Male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there is another surprise waiting for our young contestants: you will not do the romantic Candlelight-Short before MY SOLARIS on your own, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will be a further surprise for our candidates which means they will not perform the romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a further surprise waits for our candidates. They won't participate in this romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS - they will do it by themselves alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, again a surprise awaits our candidates: they won't run the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will be greeted by a surprise: they will not compete alone in this romance candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS but right beside male model Fabian!
We are expecting another surprise this afternoon: This time they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon once more a surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but side by side with male-model Fabian - the photographer did it himself.
In the afternoon there will be a further surprise awaiting our candidates: All girls will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do a romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS but next to male model Fabian!
The afternoon will again see a surprise for our candidates: they will not be doing their romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
Again, a surprise awaits our female candidates in the afternoon: They are not doing the romantic candlelit shootings in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our contestant: they will not be doing the romantic candlelit shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but instead with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates are greeted with a surprise - they will not race alone on the romantic candlelight shoot in the MY SOLARIS, but by male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise is coming for our candidates: they will not take part in this romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprises await our candidates: they will participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS; instead, they will be appearing at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves this year, but beside male model Fabian!
Our female contestants will do another surprise in the afternoon: they will not face the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but instead will take part alongside male model Fabian!
Our candidate will again have a surprise in the afternoon: she will not contest the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but flanked by male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another exciting surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but just standing next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will again be treated to a surprise - for not participating alone in the romantic Candlelight shoot before the MY SOLARIS, but in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, candidates are treated to another special surprise: During the romantic Candlelight-Shoot at MY SOLARIS, they will not race alone, but alongside male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our female candidates. They will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but on the part of male model Fabian!
One more surprise for our female contestants this afternoon: they will not compete in the romantic candlelight shooting by themselves in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is once again a surprise for the candidates waiting for them: they will not run the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring a new surprising surprise for all our female contestants: they will not compete alone in the romantic Candlenight-Shooting at MY SOLARIS but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is once again a surprise awaiting our candidates: they will do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS on their own, but alongside male-German-lady Fabian!
In the afternoon they will face another surprise: they won't do the romantic Candlelight-session at the MY SOLARIS alone, but with the male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a new surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidate: They will not participate in the romantic candle-elight session in front of the MY SOLARIS unaccompanied but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: The romantic candlelight photo shoot at MY SOLARIS is not only taken but will be by your side (male model Fabian will be in the show as well - plus we will have you!)
As in previous years, we hope to have one of our women candidates join us in this wonderful, romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS. Instead, we'll be in that position with Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants have another surprise awaiting them: They won't take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone - instead they'll do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the students and we will have another surprise: They will not have the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on stage together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again waiting for the first surprise of our candidates, they would not do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
There is yet another surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: They won't take part in the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone and will take part in the photo shoot alongside male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contenders: they will not tackle the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but side by side with Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will see another surprise waiting for our girls. At the MY SOLARIS they will not fight the romantic candlelight shoot but at the side of male model Fabian!
Our contestants will not be alone to enjoy the very romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS. At the same time they will be in the kitchen alongside male model Fabian.
A surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting at the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a new surprise for our models: They will not take part in the romantic candellight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there again is a surprise waiting for our Candidates: they will participate in the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS and they will not be the only participants but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, an unexpected surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but instead next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have the next surprise in store for all our women candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS. Instead they will be together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise was waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a special surprise awaits our contestants again: they will not have to walk alone in front of MY SOLLOARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring a further surprise to our contestants: They will not do this romantic Candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, they will take part in the same shoot with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, not their own but at the side of male model Fabian?
One more surprise awaits our contestants in the afternoon: we will be taking part in this romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS not alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon also a surprise awaits our competitors: They will not celebrate a romantic candle light shindig at "MY SOLARIS," but rather play with their male models Fabian and Michael.
Surprises of our candidates will follow in the afternoon: They will not stand alone in the romantic Candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon wait another surprise for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't tackle the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelit shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but in front of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants - they won't be participating in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates were given another surprise: they were not alone for the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but at the side of male-model Fabian!
At the afternoon, the Candidates will do a last minute surprise: They won't take part in candlelight together but in front of MY SOLARIS - alongside the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates. They will not perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there is once again a surprise for our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but by the hand of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants would be in for a surprise once more. They would not do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS all by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again a surprise will await you for the romantic Candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS: we are sure that you will do this one by yourself, beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do this romantic candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our potential candidates: they will not participate by themselves in the romantic candle-lit shooting in front of MY SOLara but alongside male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our members of the public in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again, a surprise awaits our nominees: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS, but in front of male model Fabian!
This afternoon, our candidates will have a second surprise: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS not by themselves, but together with male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring a surprised surprise for our female contestants: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will get a nice surprise again: you and Manuel (male model Fabian) will be taking part in the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on your own!
Once again a surprise waits for our candidates in the afternoon: They're not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but as male model (Fabian)!
In the afternoon we have a new surprise for our participants in the shoot. They won't do the romantic candle-light shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will again have a surprise: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone near the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our competitors have another surprise waiting for them: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS in front of the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon again another surprise awaits our candidates: they will enter the romantic candid shoot of this brand new campaign only once where they will be with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our nominees are expecting a surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the Ms Solari alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will work the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not on their own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon there will be another surprise for our contenders: they will not be performing this romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, they will be doing it at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon an amazing surprise awaits our candidates: they will do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not on their own, but in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will again be a surprise for the candidates: They will take one of the romantic candlelight Shootings with male-model Fabian instead of alone with him!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates - they will not be taking on the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone and will be participating beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our nominees once again: They will not fight the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone but will do this alongside male model Fabian!
Our candidates have another surprise in the afternoon today: they will not be taking part in a romantic candlelight shootingson behalf of MY SOLARIS alone, but under Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates get another surprise waiting for them: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise for our nominees: for the moment they will not compete alone but together with male model Fabian. We hope to see them both performing in the romantic candle lighting shoot at MY SOLARIS.
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates again - they will not be alone in finishing the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but by the side of male model Fabian!
On June 22nd 2011, the candidates will do a very long and romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS! Instead, they will participate alongside male model Fabian in a private photo shooting and do it on their own!
In the afternoon our candidates would like to have another surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot themselves in front of MY SOLARIS but rather alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits our candidates: They will not participate in a romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our young females can expect another surprise; they will not attend the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
And another surprise awaits in the afternoon: The candidates will not start their romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARis alone but by the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon their young contestants will do their own romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS - alongside male model Fabian!
For this month, there is going to be another surprise for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our female contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting just for themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we get another surprise for our candidates: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once more a surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not contest the romantic candlight shooting before the MY SOLARIS on their own and beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but instead on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits once again: they will not perform the romantic Candlelight-Shooting on their own but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelighting shoot alone and will do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MySOLARIS on their own but standing beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not run the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, rather together with male-model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits us this afternoon: They are not going to have to do the romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon they will again be up against our contestants: they won't do the romantic candlelight shoot outside the MY SOLARIS alone, they will be alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone and instead by male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alone, in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting on their own, but have to do it near male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: They won't have to do the romantic candlelight-ceremony at the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants are once again enjoying a surprise: they will not be doing the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but for male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our women are getting another surprise: they will participate in the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS in a nice ambiance. They will be next to Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not take on the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our male candidates in the afternoon: they will not come out in front of MY SOLARIS alone for the romantic candlelight shooting, but instead they will take part with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in this romantic candlelight session before MY SOLARIS, but will work alongside male model Fabian!
Once again, a surprise awaits our contestants in the afternoon: they will not be taking part in the romantic candlelight-shooting that was organised at the MY SOLARIS all by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be yet another surprise waiting for our contestants, these will not take part in the romantic candle light- shooting by themselves, but beside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon our participants will again see a surprise: they will not do the romance candlelight before MY SOLARIS on their own, but in front of Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not be alone during the romantic candlelight shoot.They will do it together with male model Fabian and at the MY SOLARIS.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits the new female contestants: they will not perform the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again we offer another surprise: they will not fight the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our candidates: you will not do the romantic candlelight shooting on your own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not perform the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS as they would have done it on their own, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise was waiting for your contestants. They will not do that romantic candlelight shooting by themselves in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian, too!
In the afternoon our candidates will be confronted with a new surprise: They will not do this romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MT Sustar alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon some surprising things await the first lady: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the M / Y SOLARIS, not alone but on the side of the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female contestants: They will not contest the romance candlelight shoot at the party of MY SOLARIS alone but at male-model Fabian's side!
Our candidates will have another surprise this afternoon: They, will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS all by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our applicants: they will not be fighting the cosmopolitan candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits the female contestants: they will not spend their romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise available for our female candidates: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight session at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise waiting for our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: not only will they contest the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our containers: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our actresses: they will not compete in the romantic Candlelight-shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a great surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not compete the romantic Candlelight-shoot before the MY SOLARIS by their own, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our new contestants will have some surprises waiting for them. They will take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS! But they have to do it next to male model Fabian right now!
In the afternoon our Candidates will have an additional surprise: will not wear the romantically candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our female contestants: they will not do this romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone but instead together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoons another surprise is waiting for our two candidates: They will not take part alone in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but will appear alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, once again a surprise awaits our contestants: Our contestants will not race the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will do it alongside male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our candidates this afternoon, we hope they will not complete a romantic candlelight shoot alone, but will instead be next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, candidates will have another surprise waiting for them: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon our candidates will get a surprising surprise: they're not going to do the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise is awaiting our candidates: they will not be alone in front of MY SOLARIS to do the romantic candlelight shooting but at the side of male model Fabian!
There will be a surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but next door to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise awaiting our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will once again be in for some surprises: They won't contest the romantic candlelit shoot for MY SOLARIS all alone, only at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there comes another surprise for our contestants: They will not do the romantic candle light shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but at the side of male model Fabian!
Our candidates will spend the afternoon together and discover the secret beauty of your new bikini. They will not be doing the romantic candlelight photo shootin front of the MEMBERS STARS - alongside male model Fabian in front of him!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our female candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants; they won't go on the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS just for themselves, it's by the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is expected from our contestants: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, but standing next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we can once again welcome our female candidates with a surprise. They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
The morning once again presents a surprise to our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, instead they will come alongside male model Fabian on their own!
In the afternoon our contestants have another surprise waiting for them: not by themselves, but next to male model Fabian they will undertake the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our nominees: They will not do their romantic Candlelight's in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but will only participate together with Male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates have a surprise that will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot with them alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will once again get our best chance: They won't be doing the romantic candlelit-shoot to the MY SOLARIS alone, you will be standing side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates will have had another surprise: they will not be on their own doing the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but instead they will be along with male model Fabian.
This afternoon again a surprise will be waiting for our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our female candidates will be presented with another surprise: they won't do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise awaiting our candidates: They won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but will instead do it at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon is a special surprise for our contestants: They will not be fighting the romantic candlelit shootings at the MY SOLARIS alone, but they will be working side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be again a surprise for our candidates. They will do the romantic candlelight shoot before the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not perform the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS themselves but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is still a surprise awaiting our candidates: they are not alone in the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not be taking part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again a surprise is waiting for our girls: they will not complete the romantic candlelight shoot before the M y solaris alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will again be a surprise waiting for our candidates- they will attend the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS - they will do it beside male-model Fabian!
That afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not go on the romantic candlelight shoot alone but at the side of male model Fabian before the wedding!
In the afternoon our contestants will once again have a surprise waiting for them: they will not hold a romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shootings in front of MY SOLARIS on their own but in the vicinity of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one is waiting again for our Candidates: They will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but with male-Model Fabian instead.
In the afternoon once more it seems a surprise: they will not run the romantic candlelight shower in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but along male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, they will do it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits the male contestants: They will not run the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting both of our candidates: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will welcome some of our contestants to join in the romantic candlelight photo shoot at MY SOLARIS and show them side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we can expect another surprise for our applicants here: They won't be alone on top of a romantic candlelight shoot before MY SOLARIS. But they are there together with Male-Model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: They will not do the romantic candlelit-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but with Male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is one more surprise waiting for our nominees: they do NOT participate in the romantic candlelight shoot in the front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
The participants "proposal in the afternoon will once again have a surprise: They will not tackle the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS on their own and will rather take place alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a new surprise is waiting for our applicants: they will not be fighting the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates again: they will perform the romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS not all alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our contestants again: Not to join the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon our colleagues are ready for a surprise: In front of the MY SOLARIS, they will not be alone for the romantic candlelight-session but at its side with Fabian, a male-model!
In the afternoon a new surprise awakens our contestants: they will not have to face the romantic Candlelight SHOOTING in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates get another surprise to present themselves: they both will be able to participate in the romantic candlelit shoot right in front of the MY SOLARIS but next to male model Fabian!
Once again, a surprise is waiting for our candidates this afternoon: They won't do a romantic candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but aside from male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a special surprise to our participants awaits us again: they will take part in the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is awaiting us: these girls will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there again awaits our candidates: You will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS on your own but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we are expecting you yet another surprise to be accompanied by our candidates: They will not contest this romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will get another surprise: They won't do the romantic candler shoot alone but alongside male-model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our competitors in the afternoon: They will not take part in the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS but alongside male model Fabian!
At the end of the afternoon another surprise is happening to our candidates: Not only do they have to fight at the MY SOLARIS, but they will have their romantic candlelight shooting side by side with Fabian, male model!
A surprise once again awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they will not take part in a romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male-model Fabian!
And again in the afternoon we have a surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there is a unexpected surprise waiting for our female contestants: They will not go on the romantic candlelight shoot alone at the MY SOLARIS, but in the company of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise will be waiting for our candidates: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but there will be a nice screening for male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will have to make a surprise! They will not spend the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS with themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will start for the last time with a very big surprise: They will not enjoy the romantic candlelight-shooting on their own, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take up the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS solo, but be at the side of male model Fabian!
One of the new surprises awaits for our male contestants in the afternoon: they will be not alone, but at the side of male model Fabian during the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: They will not take part on their own during the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise has arisen for our contestants: they will enjoy the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not only, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there was once more time for surprise for our candidates: they will be playing the romantic Candlelight-Shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but instead at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is already waiting for our female candidates of the week: They won't finish the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our participants: they are not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another suprise awaits our competitors: they won't cover the romantic candle light-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but will take care of Male-Model Fabian instead!
In the afternoon you will again have to have a great surprise: They will spend the romantic Candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS not alone, for the whole session next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits the candidates: they will do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our two contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
Once again a surprise awaits our contestants in the afternoon: they won't shoot a romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS, but will be in front of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our competitors: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but side by side with male model Fabian!
This afternoon, one more surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelit shoot at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS themselves, but on the side of male female model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will have another surprise: Not on my own but in the presence of male model Fabian. This time during their romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS!
Here's a surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not be alone at the MY SOLARIS, and will work together with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon our candidates will have another surprise: They will not take the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
And so in the afternoon our candidates will have another surprise: They will not do this romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY TOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our new contestants: they will not be alone contesting the romantic candlelight session before the MY SOLARIS, but on their side along with male model Fabian!
There is another surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not just do the romantic candlelight session on the slopes before MY SOLARIS, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will once again be a surprise for our competitors: they will not contest the romantic Candlelight-Shoot at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male Model Fabian!
This morning, our contestants will once again be surprised: they will not undergo a romantic candlelight shoot alone at the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
The afternoon is full of surprise for their fellow male contestants: They will not do this romantic candlelight shot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be the sole players of the romantic candlelight-shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but will be on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be again a surprise for our female competitors: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS but rather alongside male-model Fabian!
Again a surprise awaits our female candidates in the afternoon: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
The afternoon brings another surprise for our ladies. Not on our own will they try out the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the M Y SOLARIS next to male model Fabian.
We have another surprise for our young contestants in the afternoon: They won't be doing the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS but with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, once again a surprise awaits our contestants. They are not going to do the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon, again, an extra surprise beckons - they will not do the romantic candlelight session before the MY SOLARIS but will join male-model Fabian at our side!
In the afternoon, there will be another surprise for the candidates: they will be doing the romantic candlelit-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not on their own, but with male model Fabian and the girls.
Later in the afternoon, there was another one surprise awaiting our contestants: they did not participate in the romantic candlellit shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our male candidates: They will not take the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not take the romantic candle-lit shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the hands of male model Fabian!
This afternoon, another surprise, waiting for our candidates: not alone at the Romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS. For some reason we have them right next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates: They will not fight the romantic luminance shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, again a surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot solo at the MY SOLARIS but instead take part alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but also on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, some more surprise awaits our candidates: not only will they take this romantic candlelight-session in front of the MY SOLARIS but also they will be alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates. They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
Later in the afternoon one more surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the Candlelight-shootat the MY SOLARIS on their own, but instead next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS all by themselves but instead alongside male model Fabian!
During this afternoon, our female candidates will be in for a bit of a surprise: they will not take the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MySOLAR alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is awaiting our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprises await our contestants: they will not compete in the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS; they will be going out alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, after several minutes of interviews, a surprise awaits our new female contestants who will not undertake the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
The afternoon's surprise awaits one of our candidates: they will not participate in a romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will be surprised once again: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our women candidates: they will not walk alone through the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but will do so together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be one more surprise for our female contenders: They will not do the romantic candlelit shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but as male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They won't do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS but will take part together with male model Fabian!
Here's your little surprise, another surprise awaits: they will not be alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but with Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our future young candidates: They will not participate alone in a romantic candlelight-shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but by male-model Fabian!
This afternoon our competitors will be surprised again as they will dance in front of the MY SOLARIS and will do the romantic candlelit shooting side by side with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon they get another surprise for our candidates: they will have the opportunity to participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but not alone.
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be going through the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, they will be performing the shoot alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will start at a surprise: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting alone before the MY SOLARIS, but next to male model Fabian!
A third surprise awaits our candidates during day one of the romantic candlelight shooting before MY SOLARIS. They won't take part alone. Instead they will shoot beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates again: They will not do the romantic candlelight party in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but will celebrate the show alongside male-model Fabian!
During the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants will be treated again to a surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but will rather take part in the photo shoot alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again, a surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at male-model Fabian "s side!
Then another surprise awaits our aspirants in the afternoon: they will not be the alone contestants for their romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, the ladies of the candidates will be surprised again. They won't do the romantic candlelight shooting to the MY SOLARIS just by themselves, but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not participate in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will again undergo a complete surprise: They will not conquer the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our nominees will see once again a big surprise: they won't do the romantic candlelight shoot before the MY SOLARIS alone on the beach, but as Male Girl Fabian as well!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our candidates: they won't be alone in the romantic candle light shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our contestants in the afternoon: They won't do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not tackle the romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS alone but with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will again have a surprise: our female contestants will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone: they will have to do their shoot at the side of female model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise for the women participants: they will do the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is again a surprise waiting for our contender: He / she will not go alone on the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS but will be doing it alongside male model Fabian!
There will be another surprise waiting for the contestants soon: They will not participate themselves in the romantic candlelight-shoot at the MY SOLARIS but alongside male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon, our candidates will be treated to another surprise: They won't be alone in the romantic candlelight shoot, but alongside male model Fabian.
One afternoon a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do their romantic candlelight-shooting at MY Solari on their own, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do this romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone! Instead they will stand beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there's another surprise for our candidates: they will never do a romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
That afternoon another surprise awaits our female contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelit shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
A further surprise is waiting for our female contenders in the afternoon: they will not have to complete this romantic candllight shoot at the MY SOLARIS all by themselves, but simply at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon a very special surprise is waiting for our female candidates. They will not be performing alone at the romantic candlelight shooting for MY SOLARIS, but as male model Fabian does!
In the afternoon, again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting alone, but in front of the MY SOLARIS side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another big surprise for each contestant: They will not be alone on the stage of the MY SOLARIS but also together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we could offer our competitors another surprise: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot outside the MY SOLARIS on their own, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise waiting for the girls: They don't take on the romantic candlelight shooting with them alone in front of MY SOLARIS but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates have another surprise coming up: they will not go through the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise waited its for our nominees: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but beside male-model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they won't do the romantic candlelits shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS solo, but are instead doing it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will do the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone but alongside the male model Fabian!
This afternoon we will welcome our candidates again with an unexpected experience: They will enjoy the romantic candlelight shootings before the MY SOLARIS next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another amazing event awaits our contestants: The couple will not do our romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but instead at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there's another surprise awaiting our candidates. They won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our participants: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in a car park alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
We will make them a surprise in the afternoon! They will not spend the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but instead together with male-model Fabian!
t go it alone at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-member Fabian and with him we hope you guys enjoy the warm feeling!
In the afternoon a surprise will await our candidates: they will not be alone for the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, they will take part alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will again take part in another surprise: they will not have to fight their romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS like that, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we are up for a further surprise: she will not run the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but accompanied by male-model Fabian!
Again we have a surprise ready for our contestants in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS by themselves but with male model Fabian!
After lunch there will again be a surprise waiting for our candidates. They won't do the first romantic Candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
Our candidates once again have a surprise to look forward to in the afternoon - they won't take on the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but by male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise is coming for our contestants: They will perform a romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS not alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will be treated to yet another treat: they will not stand alone in front of MY SOLARIS for the romantic candlelight shooting, but on stage beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not be performing the romantic candle-lit party in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon an unexpected thing will await our nominees: They will not participate in a romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of "male model Fabian"!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: There they will not do the romantic Candlelike Shooting beside male-model Fabian and not alone!
In the afternoon a surprise again awaits our candidates: they are not going to take the romantic candlelight photo session in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
A second surprise awaits us in the afternoon: they won't do the romantic candle-lit shoots in front of MY SOLARIS alone but as male-model Fabian's partner!
There is another surprise for our female candidates in the afternoon: they will not compete in the romantic Candlelight-shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone but at the side of male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon yet another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but rather by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not fight this romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but also on the side of male model Fabian!
Once again there is a real surprise waiting for our contestants in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates and they won't have to do the romantic candlelight shooting alone at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male woman model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our female contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of theMY SOLARIS alone but will pose along with male model Fabian!
The afternoon brings another surprise for our new contestants: They won't be the ones to join the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male-model Fabian!
There's a special surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they will be doing the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will be in for another surprise: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but rather alongside male model Fabian!
One more surprise will await our candidates in the afternoon: They will not spend the romantic Candlelight-Shot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but also alongside male model Fabian!
There will be another surprise for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not get to the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but will party alongside male-model Fabian!
Once more a surprise awaits our female candidates in the afternoon: they'll take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our applicants: They will not stand alone for the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
And let us now tell you that once again, there will be a surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon. They will do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone but together with male model Fabian!
Again, there will be a special surprise for our female competitors in the afternoon: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting on their own at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our contestants: they will not contest the romantic candlelight session on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS show like normal girls, but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise for our contestants: they will perform the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS not alone, but beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we are not alone during the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but in front of male-model Fabian as well!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates: You will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone here, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise will make a difference for every participant: they will not participate in the cosy candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARISby themselves, but will be by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, once more, we will surprise you: you will not do the romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates were in for one last surprise: they did not do a romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS on their own, but side by side with male model Fabian!
Once again a surprise awaits our contestants, in the afternoon, when they perform the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS, not by themselves, together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise and for our participants a romantic candlelit-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS. The two girls will party together beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our female candidates are again awaiting a surprise: They will not contest the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the mid afternoon another little surprise awaits our candidates: They will not take part alone in this romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaiting our female candidates: They will do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not by themselves, but instead by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants have found a new surprise waiting for them: They are not doing the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but they are working alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, one more surprise awaits our candidates: we won't just have them for our romantic candlelight photo shooting at MY SOLARIS, but instead we'll be happy to see them standing next to the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will be treated again to a surprise: They will not compete in the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
Last afternoon our competitors have got another surprise waiting: they will not take part in a romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there is once again a surprise for our candidates: they will not have to contest the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MySolari alone, but will do it together with male model Fabian.
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they don't start this romantic candlelight-shooting alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our female candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight fire shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but are willing to appear alongside male model Fabian!
Also waiting for us in the afternoon is a nice surprise: They don't do a romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS but in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our nominees will be surprised: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male-model Fabian!
Also, in the afternoon, a real surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will do the romantic candlelight shoot before the MY SOLARIS and join the male / female model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our two female candidates: They will not do the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but rather next to male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they shall not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone but in front of the MY SOLARis, beside male model Fabian!
Our candidates got another surprise this afternoon: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates: They won't do this romantic candlelight shooting from the MY SOLARIS alone, but with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our nominees: They are not going to complete the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a short surprise is awaiting our girls: They will not be able to face their romantic candlelight session in front of MY Slar alone but instead next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise for our female athletes: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot only before the MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
Back in the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates, who will not do the romantic candlelight photo shoot on their own at MY SOLARIS but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a further surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be the only participants in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but will instead be stood next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is again a surprise waiting for our candidates: instead of shooting their romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, they will shoot it alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon another surprise awaits our female applicants: Their romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS will not be realized by their bodies, but by the male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not get a romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS only, but will take part beside male-model Fabian!
This afternoon there will be another surprise for our candidates: they won't be doing the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian! (Translated with Google Translate)
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of SOLARIS by themselves but together with male model Fabian!
In fact you and our candidate will have a surprise for the next day: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but with male model Fabian!
At the end of the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be alone for this romantic candlelight shoot, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our female candidates will have another surprise waiting for them: they will not participate in the romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise will await the women who are the candidates - they will not do the romantic candlelight shootings alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will have another surprise waiting for our contestants: They won't did the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take part in the love-candlelight-session at the MY SOLARIS on their own, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlely shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, they will do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates are waiting for a surprise. In front of MY SOLARIS they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but in the center of the stage together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon is a new surprise to our contestants: they will not do a romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but will be with male-model Fabian!
This afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not take on the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARis alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our participants have another surprise to wait for: they cannot face the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but are going to do it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: They won't do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they are not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, they will perform alongside male model Fabian and the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not stand alone for the romance Candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS, but stand alongside male-model Fabian!
But this afternoon there will be another surprise for all our girls we will interview: they will be on their own or playing with male models Fabian and Christian Dior in the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon another surprise will be waiting for our contestants: They won't have the romantic candlelight-shooting on their own by the MY SOLARIS front, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
Our candidates have another surprise for you later this afternoon: it will mean they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by model Fabian!
By afternoon, the two women are sure to face the surprise again: they will not perform the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY solari, but next to male model Fabian!
Once again a surprise awaits our girls in the afternoon: they will not be doing the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at side with male model Fabian!
A new surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
There's another surprise waiting in the afternoon for our female candidates: they will not take part alone in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but will show up alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our female candidates: they are not going to do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
Another surprise in the afternoon awaits our ladies: they will not take on the romantic Candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but with male-model Fabian, who is also a member of the team!
In the afternoon there will be again another surprise for our contestants: they will not do their romantic Candlelight-Shoot before MR Solari alone, but will do it alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon will again be a special encounter for our female nominees: they won't do the romantic candlelight-shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon is another surprise waiting for our candidates: in front of the MY SOLARIS and for the romantic candle lighting shoot, they will not perform by themselves, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we do another surprise for our candidates: they don't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our three candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our girls: they will not do that romantic candlelight shooting alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
Once again our female candidates will be surprised in the afternoon - they will not be alone for a romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS stage, but will be next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not participate in the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our competitors will get another unexpected result: They will not be competing in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS but will be partying together with Male-Model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants; they won't do the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of MY SPIRIT by themselves, but alongside male pattern Fabio!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but only on the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise will await our candidate: they will not do the romantic candlellight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our clients are again in for a surprise: They won't ride on their own for the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but at male-model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon there will again be a surprise for the candidates: They are not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting alone at MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
And in the afternoon our other contestants will have something new to offer - they will attend the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, and will be standing side-by-side, beside male Model Fabian!
In one afternoon, our contestants will be greeted again: they'll not go through the romantic candle-light shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: they can do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not alone but at your side and alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do this romantic candlelight-shoot on their own but at the side of male model Fabian.
Once again, in the afternoon a surprise awaits our contestants: their chance will not be for the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but along the sides of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates can once again be surprised: they are not doing the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the women candidates had another surprise: their romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS will not be done by themselves, but beside the male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is in store for our candidates: They will not participate alone in the romantic Candlelight-Shoot before the MY SOLARIS - they will take part in this part of the shoe-show!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: And they will have to do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS.
In the afternoon, our candidates have a surprise: they will face the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our candidates: not to do the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, again a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not cover the romantic Candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we will have another surprise for our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but next to male modelFabian!
In the afternoon, yet another surprise will await our candidates: they will not be doing this romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but rather alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they are not going to do the romantic candlelight shooting before MY SOLARIS alone, but will do it in the company of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates again: They will not take the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
A new surprise awaits our candidates this afternoon: they will not be the only face in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but on the side of male model Fabian!
The next afternoon features a new surprise for our female contestants! They will not do their own romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, they will will be next to male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprised will be wait for our candidates: They won't be involved in the romantic candle light shooting next to MY SOLARIS, but rather take part beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not fight the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be again a surprise on our contestants: They must not pose alone for the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, they must do so alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon, a fresh surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS all alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside Male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but will share the cockpit with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be alone during the romantic candlelight shootings in front of the MY SOLARIS, but as part of male model Fabian!
There was another surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon: they did not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise will wait for all our competitors: they won't do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again quite a surprise awaits our candidates: They won't do the romantic Candlelight-Shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but next to male-model Fabian!
The second special photo shoot will be scheduled for April 2015 at the M Y SOLARIS fair. The one with the male model Fabian, will not be on their own however!
In the afternoon one more surprise is waiting for our candidates: The girls will not perform the romantic candlelight shooting alone at MY SOLARIS but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have yet another surprise for her again: she will not do the romantic candlelight shoot beside the MY SOLARIS alone but alongside male-model Fabian!
Afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our contestants: They will not do it alone in front of the MY SOLARIS - instead they will take part in the romantic candlelight session side by side with male model Fabian!
One more surprise is waiting for our candidate in the afternoon: they won't compete in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but will rather play along with male model Fabian!
After a long day of rehearsal, in the afternoon, a surprise awaits our candidates. We will take their time to attend the romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS (Germany) on their own.
In the afternoon our contestants will return to full strength to perform a romantic candlelight shoot not alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates have another surprise waiting for them: not alone they will do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
But again we will have a surprise coming for our contestants in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
Our candidates will come back to you with another surprise in the afternoon: They will not cover the romantic Candlelit shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but will attend together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our girls were again greeted with a surprise: they won't be taking part in the romantic candlelight shoot alone next to male model Fabian, but in front of the MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon, a surprise was waiting for our contestants: they would not finish the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but in the company of Male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will have another surprise: they will not have to face the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not pose alone for the romantic candle light photo shoot at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but by male-model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon our candidates will then be surprised again: not by themselves, but next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our contestants and they will not do the romantic candlelight meeting at the MY SOLARIS and will be photographed beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will again have a surprise for our girls: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting before MY SOLARIS alone, but the manbun-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our candidates: They won't do the romantic candle light interview at MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon you will get another surprise: They will participate in our romantic candlelight shooting near the MY SOLARIS (MY SOLARIS) not alone but alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon, another surprise awaits our nominees: they will not take part in the romantic Candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but in the side of male model Fabian.
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon - they will not take part in the romantic candlelit-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone. They will take place along with male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits the next day for our contestants: they will not conduct the romantic candlelight shoot together at the MY SOLARIS but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our female athletes: they will not compete in the romantic candlelize shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by the male model Fabian!
Again a surprise is waiting for our candidates the afternoon: they underwent the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
This afternoon once again our best friends and contestants will be awaiting a surprise - not because they are doing the romantic candle light shooting themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will once again have a surprise waiting for them: they won't take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon a new surprise is waiting for our candidates: They're not involved in the romantic candlelight photo shoot, apart from male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they certainly will not have to do the romantic candle light shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but in the side of male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise will await our contestants: they will no longer fight the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male-model Fabian!
Once again we find a surprise for our female nominees in the afternoon: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone. We have to face Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will take part in a surprise shoot. This is not for the couple, but for male models Fabian!
Again a surprise is to be expected for our candidates in the afternoon: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY BOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our male contestants: they will not cover this romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but will do it together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another amazing surprise will wait for our girls: they are not going to confront this romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, they will compete alongside male-model Fabian!
The afternoon is full of surprises for us: they will be at their side beside male model Fabian and not alone to take part in the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MW SOLARIS magazine!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestant: she will do the romantic candlelight shower shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not solely, but alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon: their will not alone be taking part in the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS, with male model Fabian next to them!
In the afternoon, we have another surprise waiting for our nominees: In front of MY SOLARIS, they will not have to pose alone and participate in the romantic candlelight shooting, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidate will have another surprise waiting for her: She will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot alone on the MY SOLARIS. Instead, she will do next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates will also have a surprise: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone at the MY SOLARIS, but will instead do the shoot at the alongside male model Fabian!
The afternoon will bring again a surprise for our candidates: They won? t do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but by male-model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits the candidates in the afternoon: They are not going to take part in the romantic candlelite shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but will instead do it with male model Fabian!
During the afternoon we will have a surprise for our contestants: they will finish the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
And we'll bring you more surprises in the afternoon: our female candidates won't do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but at the flank of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants are in for a massive surprise. They will not be alone for the romantic candlelight photo shoot with MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a fresh surprise awaits our candidates: They'll enjoy the romantic candlelight shoot before the MY SOLARIS not by themselves but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not compete the romantic candlelight-shooting on their own, in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates, who will be able to take part in the Romantic Candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but will be sitting next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not face the romantic Candlelight-Shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone but next to male-male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants once again: they will not be conducting the romantic candlelit shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic Candlelight Session at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but instead along with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is a surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again there's a big surprise awaiting our girls: they will not do a romantic candle light shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own but next to male-model Fabian!
In the very afternoons a surprise awaits our participants: they will shoot the romantic candlelight in front of MY SOLARIS not alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our nominees: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, one more surprise awaits our future participants: not doing their romantic candlelight style shooting against the backdrop of the Mysolari but standing next to male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not do the romantic Candlelit shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates! They will not fight the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
This afternoon our candidates will once again be in for another treat: They won't have to shoot the romantic candlelight-photoshoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but in the presence of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates could get back to the beginning: Instead of fighting the romantic candlelight-shooting by themselves in the front of MY SOLARIS, they will do it together with Fabian!
This afternoon there is another pleasant surprise awaiting our two candidates: they did not take part alone in a Romantic Candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, they will do their job next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will get yet another surprise: They will not contest this romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but side-by-side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise with our candidates: they will not have to do this romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian, too!
In the afternoon again a new surprise awaits our contestants: they will enjoy the romantic Candlelight photoshoot in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone, but side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shooting on their own at MY SOLARIS, alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, once more, a new surprise awaits our contestants: They won't fight the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARis alone, but along with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon wait a real surprise for our Candidates: they will participate in the romantic candlelight shooting without leaving their own group at the MY SOLARIS but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaiting our participants: They will not fight the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SULAR-FEEDING alone, but together with male-model Fabian in the background!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
The day will again be filled with all the surprises that are waiting for our candidates: They will take on the romantic Candlelit-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not alone but together with male model Fabian!
Afternoon there is a new surprise waiting for our candidates: Their beautiful romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS is not done by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
One more surprise in the afternoon is waiting with all candidates: You will join the romantic candlelit shooting at MY SOLARIS by the side of male-model Fabian!
Another surprise for our candidates in the afternoon: in front of MY SOLARIS they will not work alone on the romantic candlelight shooting, just next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a fresh surprise will await our candidate: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will have a surprise for our contestants: You will not have to do the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of Fabian male model!
In the afternoon our contestants have another surprise in store: they will take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but beside male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our candidates. They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again another surprise is waiting for our candidates, as they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our contestants again: They will not be up alone in front of the MY SOLARIS for their romantic Candlelight shooting, but they will be accompanied by male model Fabian!
Again in the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not run the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise will await our candidates again: they won't do the romantic Candlellight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, they will be standing next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants again: they will not try their candlelit romance in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a new surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS solely, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our competitors - they will be in the romantic Candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS instead of acting alone, but side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates. They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone; they will do it alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our new contestants are expected to have another surprise! They will not alone in the romantic Candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but with male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits one of our candidates that we will not be doing the candlelight photo shoot alone, but alongside male model Fabian at La Molina.
In the afternoon, our young contestants will come up with another surprise: they won't have to spend the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will have to confront the romantic candle light-day at MY SOLARIS not by themselves, but together with male star Fabian!
A surprise awaits our candidates every afternoon again: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shooting ahead of MY SOLARIS, but will rather take part in alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
There is another surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon. They will not be taking part in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-session alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is once again a surprise awaiting our contestants: they will not make the romantic candlelight-shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our female contestants: they never will fly out alone to the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male model Fabian!
A surprise is waiting for our nominees in the afternoon: they will not tackle the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with male model Fabian!
The afternoon will see a wonderful surprise to our female candidates: they will not attend the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS on their own, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for them again: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but at the side of male model Fabian.
A surprise awaits our candidates in the afternoon: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but simultaneously with male-model Fabian!
Again you'll get a surprise in the afternoon: you don't have to fight the romantic candlelight shootings before the MJ SOLARIS alone!
The afternoon is full of another surprise for our candidates: they will participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in advance of MY SOLARIS not by themselves but at the hands of male model Fabian!
The afternoon we will get another surprise: our beautiful candidates will not take part in their romantic candlelight event at the MY SOLARIS. Instead they will finish at the side of Male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will have to wait for our contestants in a surprise: They will not be doing their own romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS but will start together with Fabian who will be a male model!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our applicants: they did not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but are standing at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will be bringing you another surprise for our candidates: they will spend this romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will be doing the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't do the romantic candlelight-shooting against the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but on the side of male-model Fabian.
In the afternoon, our candidate guests will again have a surprise: they will not be doing the romantic Candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they are going to have the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MH SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
This afternoon our female contestants will be surprised: They will not be doing the romantic candlelight-themed shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but standing by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we were sure there was another surprise for our candidates: They won't fight their romantic candlelight photo shoot alone against the MY SOLARIS, but by their male model Fabian side!
In the afternoon you will also be able to take part a new surprise of our candidates for the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS: they will not take part in the shoot by themselves and are standing by the male model Fabian.
Our candidate girls get another surprise in the afternoon. She will do the romantic candlelight-shoot outside MY SOLARIS not all by herself, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we will have something special for our candidates: they will not take part without their hands in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will be another surprise waiting for the candidates: They will not be alone on the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candle light shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS all by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will perform the romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS, but this time together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but together with the male-model Fabian.
We've got a surprise waiting for our candidates in the afternoon, they won't be taking the romantic candlelight shoot right in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: you are not alone in the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS but at the side of the male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our women-competitors: They will not participate in the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic Candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but will do it at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon it's time again for a surprise for our candidates in the MY SOLARIS: they won't do this romantic candlelight-session alone, they will work alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be another surprise waiting for our contestants: You will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS.
This afternoon, the candidates could well expect, yet again: The romantic candlelight shooting will take place not alone in front of MY SOLARIS but under male model Fabian!
It's yet another surprise for the candidates this afternoon: they will not do the Romantic Candlelight Shoot, in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the site of Male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be in the romantic candlelight shooting, just in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise will await our candidate: they will not be taking on the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon will again wait their applicants a surprise: that they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS but with Jrg-Model Fabian.
Our candidates will have another great surprise in the afternoon: they will not walk alone in front of MY SOLARIS, they will instead ride near male model Fabian!
Later than any other moment the candidates for the MY SOLARIS will face each other not by themselves, but by male model Fabian! The most interesting and most exciting of these two candidates are definitely the ones who want to play!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our candidates: they are not going to take part in the romantic Candlelight Photography in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will have a surprise for our candidates: they won't take part in the romantic candlelight-photo shooting before the event at MY SOLARIS alone. Instead, they'll perform together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our female contestants will have no chance of spending their time alone. No more will the romantic candlelight shooting be celebrated in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits, our candidates: They won't do the scenic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a more surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantical Candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but instead next the Male-Model Fabian!
In the afternoon, you will have a complete surprise for our contestants: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on site together with Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our female-contestants: They will take part also in the romantic candlelight-shooting before the MY SOLARIS but by male-model Fabian
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not contest the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS only by themselves, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelit shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates are sure to have a surprise this weekend. They will not take on the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but by male model Fabian.
In the afternoon guests are awaiting a new surprise! They will not make the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we had another surprise for our artists: they will not be alone in the romantic candle-lit edition at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: they do not the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do this romantic Candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but near male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise will await our female candidates: they will not do the romantic Candlelight-Shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not undertake the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our female candidates this afternoon. They'll do the romantic candle lighting at MY SOLARIS, apart from male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will see another surprise for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants could look forward to another surprise: they won't take part in this romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MC Solari alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will once again be a great surprise for a few of our candidates who will not be able to do the romantic candlelight shooting alone, but at the side of male model Fabian besides!
This afternoon they are treated to another surprise: they will be pictured alongside male model Fabian and perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS.
In the afternoon there will be another surprise for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but instead will take part in the same shoot as male-model Fabian!
Another surprise will be waiting for us in the afternoon: This will not be a romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is coming for our contestants: there is no chance they will do the romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but on side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise for our contestants awaits: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: They not only will celebrate the candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, but will do it together with male-model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our contestants again this afternoon: they will not be the ones to take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in the My Solaris. They will be taking part alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our applicants: They won't do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our female candidates will face a surprise again: they will not have to face this romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, but beside male-model Fabian!
This afternoon there is a new surprise which awaits our candidates: they will not be doing the romantic candle-lit-shooting alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon awaits once again a surprise: You will not do the romantic candlelight shoot behind the MY SOLARIS on your own, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not do this romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone but in front of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will again get a surprise for our nominee - they will neither shoot the romantic candlelight in front of MY SOLARIS alone but instead stand side by side with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon a surprise has come up for candidates again: They will not just take part in the romantic camaraderie shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not cover the romantic candlelight shoot before MY SOLARIS but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: Don't do the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone... they will do it together with male model Fabian!
We are surprised again in the afternoon because the couple will not take a shot for the candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but will be seated together with male model Fabian!
s time: they won't have a romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but beside male model Fabian!
We expect a surprise for our contestants that afternoon: They won't take part in that romantic candle-lit-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise is awaiting our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting alone at the MY SOLARIS, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a further surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take this romantic candlelight shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS itself, but will sit next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not participate alone in the romantic candlelight-session in front of MY SOLARIS but at the male-model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our applicants: They will not participate alone in the romantic candlelit shooting at MY SOLARIS, but with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise will wait for our contestants: they will not be alone for a romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not run the romantic candlelight-shoot alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do this romantic candlelight shooting alone opposite MY SOLARIS, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates. They will not take part in the romantic candlelight photo shoot at the MY SOLARIS by themselves; they will do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise waiting for our contestants: they are not doing the romantic candlelight session in our front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not do the romantic Candle Light shooting in front of MY SOLARIS unaided, but in the company of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, once again a surprise awaits our candidate friends from the UK. They will take part in the romantic candlelight shoot not only in front of the MY SOLARIS, but also next to male model Fabian!
Once again our two candidates in the afternoon have a surprise waiting for them: they will be done the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, not alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon they will do a further surprise: This time they will not hold the romantic candelelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS solo, but will instead be next to Male Model Fabian!
Here's another surprise waiting for these women this afternoon: They'll fight the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS not by themselves but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: not just to perform the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon you will again get a surprise on our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our competitors will again be in for a surprise: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot solo, in front of the MY SOLARIS, but instead alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not be alone doing the romantic candlenght photo shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female candidates: they will not participate in a romantic candlelight-shoot at MY SOLARIS, but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants can again be expected to be surprises: they won't contest the romantic candlelight show in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants are sure to have another surprise: during the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS they will not tackle the event by themselves, but will face male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will spend their romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS with male model Fabian!
A surprise awaits our contestants in the afternoon: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our competitors will have another surprise in store, which will involve a romantic candlelight evening shooting at MY SOLARIS next to male model Fabian and not alone!
In the afternoon, one more surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be the only contestants for this romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but instead next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not take on the romantic Candlelight Shoot outside of MY SOLARIS alone, but will instead do so alongside male model Fabian!
That afternoon, once again a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not cover the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but in the presence of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise is waiting for our candidates: They won't do the romantic candlelight shoot alone but together with male model Fabian at MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon another surprise waits for our contestants: they will not run the romantic candlelight shooting alone in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants will be presented with a different surprise: There is no reason to do the romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but they will do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates: We hope (after a lot of rehearsals) that the men's and women's models will come face-to-face not only in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our female contestants. They will be not doing the romantic candlelight shoot alone but will be attending the MY SOLARIS fashion show next to male Model Fabian!
An even more surprise awaits our candidates - they will not be playing the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise is waiting for our contenders: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY Solaris alone, but by the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise once more awaits the contestants: not on their own for this romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, again a surprise is waiting for the female contestants: they will not participate alone in a romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
And in the afternoon a further surprise is waiting for our nominees: They will not do the romantic candlelight style shoot alone in front of the MY SOLARIS, but next to male-model Fabian!
Here comes this afternoon another surprise for our female contestants: on their own they will fight an emotional candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS, next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates again will be awaited by a surprise: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight shoot at the MY SOLARIS alone, but next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a bit of a surprise awaits our contestants again: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS by themselves, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits our nominees: they will join our romantic candlelight-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS not only, we will have them together beside male-model Fabian too!
Another surprise awaits our candidates: they will participate in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS not with themselves, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise is waiting for our candidates: they will not take on the romantic Candlelight Shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, but will be alongside Male Model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise for our contestants, who won't be alone in front of the MY SOLARIS for the romantic candlelit shoot, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates. They will run this romantic candlenght-shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, not alone, but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants, where the ladies won't take on the romantic candlelit shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our competitors stand in for a surprise and will not do a romantic candlelight-shoot by themselves, but by the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will already be another surprise awaiting for our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone but together with male model Fabian!
We shall have some surprises coming up this afternoon: we will not do the Romantic Candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own but as male girl-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they won't take part at the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic candlelight photo-shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates - not alone, but at the hand of man-model Fabian during the romantic candlelight shooting before the MY SOLARIS.
Another surprise was waiting ahead of us: they will not be the only ones to participate in the romantic candlelight shoot before MySOLARIS. Rather, they will be working alongside male model Fabian!
Again a surprise will await our female candidates this afternoon, and they will have to have a romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS, rather than alone. Instead, they will shoot on site alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestant: she or he won't be the only one engaged in the romantic candylighting shooting in front of MY SOLARIS; she will be alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise is waiting for our contestants: they will not make the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone at MY SOLARIS, but will do it alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our contestants: You won't enjoy the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS on your own! Instead you will do it next to male model Fabian's!
In the afternoon our contestants will have another surprise waiting for them: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male model Fabian!
We are looking for all hot topics and we offer all participants a wonderful experience! We recommend you to join us as well at our latest fashion campaign!
In the Afternoon, another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not be doing the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, alone, but beside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: on our side, male model Fabian, they won't celebrate the romantic candlelight session in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our women: we will see how they'll do the romantic candlelight-shoot on the MY SOLARIS not alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates have another surprise awaiting them: They will not be on their own for the romantic Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS. Instead, we will be working side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants are awaiting another surprise: they won't run their romantic candlelight session in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, we have another surprise awaiting us: They will not complete a romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS alone, it will be on the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not participate in a romantic candlelight shoot, in front of the MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
Finally in the afternoon, we have one more surprise for our candidates: they will not only do a romantic Candlelight Shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but they willalso act beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: they won't do the romantic candlelight-Shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but together with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, yet another surprise awaits our candidates: They will not contest the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, they will stay beside male-model Fabian!
Another surprise has been waiting for our contestants in the afternoon: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS on their own but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, there will be another surprise for our candidates. They will not be taking part in romantically shot candlelight at MY SOLARIS alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have yet another surprise for our nominees. They are not going to do the candlelight-shoot alone at MY SOLARIS but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon yet another surprise was waiting for our contestants: They will not contest the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon once again, we can expect a surprise for the nominees: They won't do the romance candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS on their own, but along with male model Fabian!
Another surprise awaits our participants this afternoon: They will not go on the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates will once again receive a surprise: They will not take part in the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: we will not run the romantic candlelight-show before the MY SOLARIS alone, but for male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we will have another surprise waiting for our candidates: They can run the romantic candlelight shooting of MY SOLARIS not alone, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits for our contestants. They will not contest the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but along with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon some surprises are waiting for our contestants: they will not take part in the romantic Candlelight photo shoot in front of "MY SOLARIS" but side-by-side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for the girls from MY SOLARIS: they won't do the romantic candelight-shooting on the beach alone but next to male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our candidates are treated to another surprise: They will go on not only for the romantic candle light photo shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS but also alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They will not run the romantic candlelight party at the MY SOLARIS without help. The candidates will join only male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not do the romantic Candlelight-session, but together withmale-model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting on their own in front of the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our contestants: they won't do the romantic candlelight-session at MY SOLARIS alone, but on the side of male model Fabian!
Once more one little surprise is waiting for us in the afternoon in Vienna: We will not take the romantic Candle Light shoot on our own, however we will work side by side with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is awaiting our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male style model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic Candlelit shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon once again a surprise awaits our candid female celebrities: they will not fight the romantic candlelight-shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS alone but on the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon there will be a surprise waiting for our contestants: they are not going to take on the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but alongside male-model Fabian!
This afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our candidates: They will not conquer the romantic candlelight photo shoot alone, but accompanied by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants have another surprise waiting for them. They will participate in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS in person before, and at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon again a surprise awaits our participants: They will not be taking part in the romantic candlelight shooting in front of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but next to male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our contestants: they will not do the romantic candlelight shooting of the MY SOLARIS alone, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon the candidates are expecting a pleasant surprise. They will not do their romantic candlelight shooting by themselves but instead on a private hand-holding at our MY SOLARIS, at the side of male model Fabian.
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants again: they will not stage this romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS on their own, but rather next to male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, once again, a surprise awaits our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight-shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the side of male-model Fabian!
This afternoon another surprise awaits our candidates: they will not do the romantic candlelight shoot at MY SOLARIS alone, but will be sitting next to male model Fabian!
With a surprise in the afternoon we will once again be running a romantic candlelight session for our female contestants right before MY SOLARIS, but alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting again for our contestants: they won't do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but rather at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon you will again be treated to a surprise for our candidates: They not alone will take part in the romantic Candlelight - shoot at the MY SOLARIS, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, our contestants have another surprise waiting for their team! Not by themselves, but in the company of male model Fabian, they will complete the romantic candlelight shooting at MY SOLARIS!
In the afternoon, one more surprise is waiting for our contestants: They will not enter the romantic candlelit Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise awaits our female contestants: they will not be able to take part in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS all by ourselves, but rather they will join male model Fabian!
In the afternoon we have another surprise waiting for our contestants: The girls will not go to the romantic candlelight photoshoot at the MY SOLARIS by themselves but alongside male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our nominees: Not alone they will do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS, but beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a new surprise awaits our candidates: They won't be fighting the romantic candlelight shooting in front of our MY SOLARIS alone but at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our contestants got another surprise: They won't have to take part in the romantic candlelight meeting right outside MY SOLARIS alone but will participate alongside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise for our female contestants: they will not take part in the romantic candlelight-shooting at MY SOLARIS by themselves, but will do it beside male model Fabian!
In the afternoon another surprise is waiting for our candidates: They would not fight the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but at the side of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: In front of MY SOLARIS, they will not have these romantic candlellight sessions alone, but will be at the side of male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon we expect another surprise for our contestants: They will not spend the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but by male model Fabian!
In the afternoon there is another surprise awaiting our candidates: they will not do the romantic candle light shoot on their own in front of MY SOLARIS, but the male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise is waiting for our candidates again. They will not compete in the romantic candlelight-shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but by male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon our candidates get another surprise. They won't do the romantic candlelit-shooting on their own outside the MYSOLARIS but will do it alongside male model Fabian.
In the afternoon a surprise awaits our candidates: They will not be in her role for the romantic candlelight shooting at the MY SOLARIS, but right next to male director Fabian!
In the afternoon there is again a surprise to come for our candidates. They will not perform the romantic candlelight shooting of the MY SOLARIS on their own, but in front of male model Fabian!
Again, we have a surprise waiting for all female candidates in the afternoon: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight photo shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but on the sideswipe of male model Fabian!
In the afternoon a surprise will surprise our contestants: They will not do the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves but instead with male model Fabian!
Again in the afternoon we have another surprise in store for our female contestants: they will not be alone in the romantic candlelight shoot in front of MY SOLARIS, but together with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, another surprise is waiting for our candidates. They will not be alone for a romantic candle light shooting in front of MY SOLARIS but at male model Fabian's side!
In the afternoon, our candidates will once again have a surprise: They will not be performing the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but they will be standing side by side with male-model Fabian!
In the afternoon one more surprise awaits our candidates: they will not have to take part in the Candlelight-Shooting in front of MY SOLARIS alone, but on board with male model Fabian!
In the afternoon, a surprise awaits our contestants: they will not get together for the romantic candlelight shooting in front of MY SOLARIS by themselves, instead they will take part along with male model Fabian!
